execution(SuperHeroController.findAll()) executed in 670ms
execution(SuperHeroController.findAll()) executed in 3ms
execution(SuperHeroController.findAll()) executed in 412ms
execution(SuperHeroController.findAll()) executed in 451ms
execution(SuperHeroController.findAll()) executed in 518ms
execution(SuperHeroController.findAll()) executed in 415ms
execution(SuperHeroController.findAll()) executed in 407ms
execution(SuperHeroController.findByPatter(..)) executed in 461ms
execution(SuperHeroController.findAll()) executed in 2ms
execution(SuperHeroController.findByPatter(..)) executed in 6ms
execution(SuperHeroController.findAll()) executed in 1ms
execution(SuperHeroController.findByPatter(..)) executed in 4ms
execution(SuperHeroController.findAll()) executed in 8ms
execution(SuperHeroController.findByPatter(..)) executed in 3ms
execution(SuperHeroController.findAll()) executed in 10ms
execution(SuperHeroController.findByPatter(..)) executed in 4ms
execution(SuperHeroController.findAll()) executed in 11ms
execution(SuperHeroController.findByPatter(..)) executed in 3ms
execution(SuperHeroController.findAll()) executed in 7ms
execution(SuperHeroController.findByPatter(..)) executed in 3ms
execution(SuperHeroController.findAll()) executed in 553ms
execution(SuperHeroController.findAll()) executed in 2ms
execution(SuperHeroController.findAll()) executed in 3ms
execution(SuperHeroController.findAll()) executed in 2ms
execution(SuperHeroController.findAll()) executed in 508ms
execution(SuperHeroController.findAll()) executed in 2ms
execution(SuperHeroController.findAll()) executed in 3ms
execution(SuperHeroController.findAll()) executed in 3ms
execution(SuperHeroController.findAll()) executed in 2ms
execution(SuperHeroController.findAll()) executed in 4ms
execution(SuperHeroController.findByPattern(..)) executed in 30ms
execution(SuperHeroController.findAll()) executed in 45ms
execution(SuperHeroController.findAll()) executed in 2ms
execution(SuperHeroController.findAll()) executed in 7ms
